Cher, can you close your eyes first?
Open it.
It's for you.
Anyway, you have to use the car to commute to get off work every day.
This car is for you
This is too expensive I can't take it
What's so valuable about a car?
Here you go. You keep it.
Besides, didn't your Yan family fail in investment?
I happen to have 1 billion investment here
I'll transfer it all to you later. Oh, how do you go if you have nothing to do?
One brother one brother one brother
That's an investment for me, brother
Before, when Young Master Su chased you, you treated him as simp.
People don't lick anymore
You know it's urgent
I'll be famous at the party the day after tomorrow
I will help your Mu family get an investment of 1 billion yuan
And let this guy surnamed Su kneel down and apologize to you
admit defeat
Cloud Creek is over
I don't want this car either
Put necklaces, clothes and rings
Take it all
These things are for you.
Aren't you doing this just to make the current day jealous?
You did it.
No, the person I like is you.
I don't believe it.
Rolls Royce 5 8 is Jinling Tai Chi arrived
Welcome the curse